Updates to Privacy Sandbox posts (#6020)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/digging-into-the-privacy-sandbox/index.md

authors:
  - samdutton
date: 2020-04-08

> updated: 2021-08-20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updated: 2021-09-03
```

* [Privacy Budget](https://github.com/bslassey/privacy-budget)<br>
Limit the total amount of potentially identifiable data that sites can access. Update APIs to reduce the amount of potentially identifiable data revealed. Make access to potentially identifiable data measurable.
* [Gnatcatcher](https://github.com/bslassey/ip-blindness)<br>
Limit the ability to identify individual users by accessing their IP address. 
* [Trust Token API](https://github.com/dvorak42/trust-token-api)<br>
Enable an origin that trusts a user to issue them with cryptographic tokens which are stored by the user's browser so they can be used in other contexts to evaluate the user's authenticity.
* [First-Party Sets](https://github.com/krgovind/first-party-sets/)<br>
Allow related domain names owned by the same entity to declare themselves as belonging to the same first party.
* [Aggregated Reporting](https://github.com/csharrison/aggregate-reporting-api)<br>
Provide privacy preserving mechanisms to support a variety of use cases such as view-through-conversion, brand, lift, and reach measurement.

> * [Attribution Reporting](https://github.com/csharrison/conversion-measurement-api)<br>

Reviewer: Minor issue because that links redirects to this one anyway, but:
```suggestion
* [Attribution Reporting](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api)<br>
```

**Goal:** Enable advertisers to measure ad performance.

The [Attribution Reporting](https://github.com/csharrison/conversion-measurement-api) API enables the measurement of two events that are linked together: 
1. An event on a publisher's website, such as a user viewing or clicking an ad. 
1. A subsequent conversion on an advertiser site.

> This API supports two types of **attribution measurement**:
> * **Click-through**: available in the first implementation of this API, currently in [origin trial](https://web.dev/conversion-measurement/#browser-support). 
> * **View-through**: see [public explainer](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api#event-level-reports-clicks-and-views).

Reviewer: Suggestion to make this easier to maintain:

```suggestion
This API supports **click-through** and **view-through** measurement.

Other features in this API include cross-device attribution reporting and app-to-web attribution reporting. 
```

The API also offers two types of **attribution reports**:

* **Event-level reports** associate a particular ad click or view (on the ad side) with data on the conversion side. To preserve user privacy, by preventing the joining of user identity across sites, conversion-side data is very limited, and the data is 'noised' (meaning that for a small percentage of cases, random data is sent). As an extra privacy protection, reports are not sent immediately.

* **Aggregate reports** are not tied to a specific event on the ad side. These reports provide richer, higher-fidelity conversion data than event-level reports. A combination of privacy techniques across cryptography, distribution of trust, and differential privacy help reduce the risk of identity joining across sites. 

> Both report types can be used simultaneously: they're complementary. Other features in this API include [cross-device attribution reporting](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/cross_device.md) and [app-to-web attribution reporting](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/app_to_web.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both report types can be used simultaneously: they're complementary. 

Learn more about the status of these features and how to try this API [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting-introduction/#status).
```

---
